Disputes over permissible ppm go on for half a year
about endogenous alcohol and know almost
we all invited two people with diabetes
be examined sugar that
this
the corner of the questionnaire seems to be both 0
paradox exhale should be 0 but if
driver seriously injured in an accident in his
take on the analysis of blood and by order
Ministry of Health
before the fifties were grams per liter
blood for medicals driver cut when he
did a medical institution
he was not the driver many tried to leave
from punishment
Edward and drive on known by loud
Accident in Kirov where three people died
there was also a face bruised knee instruction on
which did not refer to the action itself only
for heavy
those who entered in serious condition
give them no severe condition he did
I went on their feet and yet devoid of
do you want to drive again and
catch careless drivers simply
was no one to persuade the outside are few
text steal 10 4
exhale 0 in the tap 05 as it happened
instructions you refer to
This is a manual for medical institutions.
how to prescribe treatment for those who got
road traffic
incident and if blood is contained
alcohol is irrelevant
to punishment soon instructions
will ask drivers with any dose of alcohol
blood threatened with deprivation of rights at times
Alexander Shumsky 26 years
blogs online project manager
probok.net
favor the introduction of permissible promin
our guests in the collection is familiar to many
disqualified drivers Moscow Center
drug treatment
all guests of the program will be examined
certified breathalyzer participates
even the head of the Ministry of Health George
golukhov
first check
all sober bike tail
costa
9 acres if you immediately blow the wolf dough
exhale there is alcohol it pulls on
disenfranchisement pure minute
let's wait for the head of the capital
health care chose health drink
kefir did not show result 0 alexander
as in advertising, please eat a banana
better a couple now we see that from you
At least to the beginning there is kefir
initially not with functions
understand
it turned out that a harmless banana also gives
reaction 0023
rather sudden reaction point of view
ordinary person like this is full to us
show alcohol couples
it's just you have an immediate reaction
after eating food
non-alcoholic beer five hundredths ppm
look from its less than repose and
from here well as a tasteless corvalol 20
drops seven hundredths ppm and even
orange showed alcohol four
hundredths promile here is a breathalyzer passport
which is used by DPS employees on 1
his page
by ip table with errors where immediately
worth plus or minus zero to five the law requires
00 in the passport
meter immediately laid 05 condemn
you are more often government decree from
traffic police officer
black on white
expert evaluates
given the error
not wife cartoons it is written off dad
position true inspector and about it
prefer not to say more than that
I will see these
seeing he showed this role to the mother.
messages but every driver can
require medical expertise by
position is considered an end result
our and employee games retest
just five minutes from all participants
experiment no problem with the law
once again 0 and confirmed through legitimate
20 minutes class and bananas give an indicator
and then not in five minutes already more than once
never gave it was king all
talk about that unfortunate poor
drivers who drink kvass or do not eat
fruit and so forth don't decide not
lawlessly right this is all a fairy tale situation
unpleasant for people is true but all
this is a discussion about availability or
no ppm imposed art
imposed discussion there is no such problem by
the results of this simple test to you
is it obvious or not obvious
input is not necessary to enter do not need
limits of measurement error
device this phrase should move
from the world of narrow instruction document more
high level, I still think that
some
the lower level must choose
European countries, the minimum
let it be 0203 while culture is rude
excluded zeros on the device no pair we
in its particular advertising
talked not about what if you eat
banana you breathe collecting and just attracted
so problems of attention here
the question is that every day we are faced with
unusual problems when is
some ppm starts
a specific conversation is already in place
conclusion of the experiment kvass kefir corvalol
non-alcoholic beer and fruit for
sober driver is not dangerous